welcome back to Sunday 24 7 i'm your
host Misha Johnson now every year the
official start of snowmobile season
begins at hey days and myself Mac and
fish I went out there and we just had
the best time take a look at this with
another snowmobile season upon us it's
time to check out what's new this year
for our dekat everything's new 40 12
we've got an entirely new line of
snowmobiles in the Pro cross and
proclaim chassis we just introduced the
new switch back this past year it's the
one 36 inch track version of the rush
it's got a 7 inch longer tunnel people
really wanted this sled because it's a
perfect crossover slide the big news for
scooter really this year is coming from
chassis development we'd introduce the
arm motion last spring huge improvement
the rear suspension there i mean the
right of that saw was phenomenal getting
your sled to where you ride is an
important part of the process so when we
design our products we design it for the
functionality or whatever they're being
used for we try to make sure that all
the lighting is protected the wiring is
protected so you don't have to deal with
the elements of minnesota or the winter
climate when you're traveling and you're
having problems on the road and not
hitting your destination I tell you it
gets pretty frustrating when you're
having to do repairs on the side of the
highway so I mean we want to make sure
the customer gets to is is to play a
playground so you can enjoy the weekend
this season yamaha is on the right track
with an improved high fax system
actually has delrin these are little
delrin inserts we put them at a 45
degree angle so when your track clip is
always in contact with the delrin as it
goes through
delrin is a it's a space-aged they use
it on the space shuttle we actually had
to have a written document for the
government on what we were using it for
for them to approve it it's about nine
eight to nine times better life roughly
we're more out of set yet superstar Levi
Lavallee is back this year racing with
CNA proceeds so they came up with with
this white inlay they basically sprinkle
it in so it's kind of cool because every
ski is individual it's none of them will
be the same over the years different
teams different things we've tested we
pride and none of them none of them
compare to this you know you're not
going to get the bite you're not going
to get the comfort that you get with the
CNE i mean the the coolest thing about
the cini like everybody knows that you
pretty much need them for race and snow
cross but at the same time like when you
think about when you're on a trail your
steering is is pretty critical because
you're ripping down a trail full of
trees and stuff things go wrong there
isn't much there isn't much cushion
there's no foam pit off in those trees
you hit one of those trees is pretty
well going to stop you so your steering
is pretty critical and and that's what's
cool about the cnas ease even the the
trail models that they have you're gonna
get so much more bite you're gonna be
able to do those turns you're gonna yeah
you're just gonna have so much more
confidence in your steering the other
thing that I really like is they because
of the way they feel they've got a lot
of flex so it's almost like added
suspension I mean these things are going
through the bumps well they're turning
well I mean it's there's really nothing
nothing that I can say that's not
awesome about them
well stay right where you are we have
more sledded 24-7 action coming your way
still ahead looking to save some cash so
you can ride more mac and fish pick
their favorite entry-level sled for 2012
stay tuned